The Podcast Masterclass is now live!

If you want to learn everything you need to start, record, edit, publish, grow, and monetize your podcast... this is the course for you!

Enroll for $9.99 this week

This price will NEVER be beat!

Click the link above or use this url to get this 95% off deal:

https://www.udemy.com/podcasting-masterclass/?couponCode=PODCASTLAUNCH

Do you need more information ?

Read our key facts below or click the link above to check out the full curriculum and preview videos.
Why podcasting?

     ~50% of Americas will listen to podcasts in 2018 (and millions more around the world)
    Capture the attention of this growing audience
    Turn your audience into raving fans
    Increase your conversions and sell premium products more easily

Why this course?

    Learn everything (we mean EVERYTHING) you need to know in one class
    Every student who creates a podcast gets added to the student directory to help you launch
    You'll have two instructors to help you on your journey
    Premium support and lifetime access to the course content

How much does it cost?

The course is only $9.99 during our launch week!

THIS PRICE WILL NEVER BE BEAT & ENDS ON FRIDAY - SO DON'T HESITATE

Remember, if you follow our strategies, you'll more than make up for this small investment!

What will you learn?

    How to start, grow, and monetize your own podcast
    Why you should start a podcast today
    Equipment on any budget to get started
    How to record and edit a high quality podcast
    Editing your podcast with free and professional tools
    Recording interviews over Skype
    Adding ID3 tags and hosting files online
    Publishing to iTunes, Stitcher, and Google Play
    Launching your podcast and getting a high ranking
    Growing your podcast to get more downloads
    Making money from your podcast in 4 ways
    and so much more!

Still not sure?

With our 30-day 100% moneyback guarantee - there's no reason to hesitate.

Try it out now, and if you don't enjoy the course, we'll give you your money back.

CLICK HERE TO ENROLL FOR JUST $9.99
